update history, license, us (#6)
OSGeo/grass-website: content/about/us.md

---

> title: "Developers"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "About us"
```

date: 2018-12-29T11:02:05+06:00
layout: "overview"
---

> The GRASS GIS project is an international team effort with [scientists and developers](https://grasswiki.osgeo.org/wiki/Team) participating from various fields. GRASS - Geographic Resources Analysis Support System has been under continual development since 1982 and has involved a large number of federal US agencies, universities, and private companies. The core components of GRASS and the management of the integration of the efforts into GRASS releases were accomplished by the Construction Engineering Resesarch Laboratory (CERL) in Champaign, Illinois. It has been estimated that several million dollars of GRASS GIS software development efforts across the government have been completed since the 4.1 release. Since 1997 a worldwide network of developers continue to release new GRASS GIS versions (see GRASS history).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GRASS GIS project is an international team effort including [scientists and developers](https://grasswiki.osgeo.org/wiki/Team) from various fields. GRASS - Geographic Resources Analysis Support System - has been under continuous development since 1982 and has involved a large number of federal US agencies, universities, and private companies. The core components of GRASS and the management of the integration of the efforts into GRASS releases were accomplished by the Construction Engineering Resesarch Laboratory (CERL) in Champaign, Illinois. It has been estimated that several million dollars of GRASS GIS software development efforts across the government have been completed since the 4.1 release. Since 1997 a worldwide network of developers continue to release new GRASS GIS versions (see GRASS history).
```

> The strength and success of GRASS GIS relies on the user community. With this in mind, the philosophy of the GRASS Development Team is to encourage users to develop their own unique tools and applications for GRASS. Many people have contributed to the GRASS GIS. As GRASS GIS is growing, we have plenty of opportunities to join the GRASS development team and improve the powerful GRASS GIS under terms of GNU General Public License.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The strength and success of GRASS GIS relies on the user community. The philosophy of the GRASS Development Team is to encourage users to develop their own unique tools and applications for GRASS as well as to improve the existent ones.
```

> # User Groups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## User Groups

There are many GRASS users around the world. See the [local chapters](https://www.osgeo.org/local-chapters/) website for more details.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - Canada: Ottawa GRASS User's Group (merged with MapServer group to become OSGeo local chapter)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - Czech Republic: Českésdružení uživatelů GISu GRASS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - Germany: FOSSGIS e.V. (former GRASS Anwender-Vereinigung e.V.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - India: India Chapter of OSGeo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - Italy: GFOSS.it (Associazione Italiana per l'Informazione Geografica Libera)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - Italy: Sito degli utenti italiani di GRASS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - Poland: GRASS Poland

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - USA: Los Angeles Area GRASS Users Group (spatial data/GIS)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - See also: Local Chapters of the Open Source Geospatial Foundation (OSGeo Foundation)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> # Credits

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Credits
```
